Hi everyone.
My name is Billy Korando, and welcome to my course,
Effective Automated Testing with Spring.
I'm a software consultant with Keyhole Software.
Frustrated with slow progress on your projects?
Losing sleep because bugs keep popping up in prod?
Can't make heads or tails of the project you have just been assigned to?
In this course,
we're going to learn how automated testing can speed up the development process,
squash bugs before they make it to prod,
and provide accurate documentation for you and future developers.
Some of the major topics that we will cover include
the value of automated testing.
We'll learn how automated testing is key to alleviating many
of the struggles we face as developers,
and how to get the most value out of the tests we write.
Organizing code to make testing easy.
There are several common mistakes developers make when
writing code that make it difficult to test,
and we'll learn what they are and how to avoid them.
Practices that aid the software development process.
Automated testing isn't just a post hoc process for catching bugs,
but can be a powerful tool during the software writing process.
And, tools that make testing easier.
Many tools have been developed over the years that
make writing automated tests easier, and we'll learn how to use several of them.
By the end of this course,
you'll have the know-how and tools to quickly and easily cover
projects you're working on in high-quality,
automated tests.
Before beginning this course, you should be familiar with Java,
the basics of JUnit, and Spring.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn automated testing with
the Effective Automated Testing with Spring course, at Pluralsight.